# Version 21.3

[[toc]]

## Introduction

Sanic is now faster.

Well, it already was fast. But with the first iteration of the v21 release, we incorporated a few major milestones that have made some tangible improvements. These encompass some ideas that have been in the works for years, and have finally made it into the released version.

## What to know

### Python 3.7+ Only

This version drops Python 3.6 support. Version 20.12LTS will continue to support Python 3.6 until its EOL in December, 2022, and version 19.12LTS will support it until its EOL in December, 2021.

Read more about our [LTS policy](../project/policies.md#long-term-support-v-interim-releases).

### Streaming as first class citizen

The biggest speed improvement came from unifying the request/response cycle into a single flow. Previously, there was a difference between regular cycles, and streaming cycles. This has been simplified under the hood, even though the API is staying the same right now for compatability. The net benefit is that **all** requests now should see a new benefit.

Read more about [streaming changes](../advanced/streaming.md#response-streaming).

### Router overhaul

The old Sanic router was based upon regular expressions. In addition it suffered from a number of quirks that made it hard to modify at run time, and resulted in some performance issues. This change has been years in the making and now converts the router to a compiled tree at startup. Look for additional improvements throughout the year.

### Signals API

:star: _BETA Feature: API to be finalized in v21.6_

A side benefit of the new router is that it can do double duty also powering the new signals API. This feature is being released for public usage now, and likely the public API will not change in its final form.

The core ideas of this feature are:

1. to allow the developer greater control and access to plugging into the server and request lifecycles,
2. to provide new tools to synchronize and send messages through your application, and
3. to ultimately further increase performance.

## News


### A NEW frontpage

...
### Chat has moved to Discord

...

### 2021 Release Managers

---

Make sure to checkout the changelog to get links to all the PRs, etc.

As always, thank you to everyone that participated in this release.
